Docs for testnet (#1)
kadena-io/chainweb-relay: README.md

# Chainweb Relay App

## What is it?

This is a small server application to power Kadena bridges. The first iteration
supports bridging transactions from Ethereum. 

The application can:
- Listen to Ethereum token contracts for transfers into a designated "locker" address.
- For selected transfers, retreive header information from Ethereum in order to "propose" it to the relay smart contract on Kadena
- Respond to proposals to validate headers by quering Ethereum and asserting they match. 

## Who needs it?

Bonders in the Kadena Chain Relay need to endorse enough headers in their bond lockup period in order to
- earn a per-endorsement fee
- qualify for risk fees in the form of APY

Thus bonders either need to operate the software themselves, or have a service provider like Flux operate the software on their behalf.

## Prerequisites for running the software

A given instance of the software runs for a single bond, and must be configured with the private key that governs the bond.

### Rotating the bond key

> Bonders who have purchased bonds on relay.chainweb.com using their KDA public key should NOT expose their public key to this software.

Reviewer: Should this say "should NOT expose their private key"?

Instead, bonders should **rotate their bond to a dedicated keypair just for bond administration** as this will protect their KDA account.

Rotating can be achieved by 

> 1. Generating a keypair

Author: How are bonders supposed to do this?

Reviewer 2: A new keypair can be generated by
- clicking on `Generate Keypair` at https://transfer.chainweb.com/
- running a pact command `pact -g` for pact users.

Required settings for relay-app:

*   `INFURA_API_TOKEN`: api token for connecting to Infura servers
*   `BOND_NAME`: the bond name as seen in relay.chainweb.com
*   `PACT_PRIVATE_KEY`: the private key for administering the bond, as described above in "Rotating the bond key" section.

Usually set via default environment:

> *   `ETH_NETWORK_ID`: network identifier for mainnet or various testnets. Example: xxx

Author: Can we provide example values

Reviewer 3: The current default is "kovan". Other possible values are "ropsten" or "mainnet". Whatever the Ethereum API supports.

Reviewer 3: I think, that once we move to mainnet/production, the default will be "mainnet" and users won't have to worry about it. So, at this point, we can probably just delete it from the README.

Or, maybe we publish different docker images, `relay-app-testnet` and `relay-app`, so that users won't have to worry about this setting?

Author: ```suggestion
*   `ETH_NETWORK_ID`: network identifier for mainnet or various testnets. Default is `kovan`
```
